We'll come back in this video.
I would like to give you some hints for the exercise.
So the first one is that if you want to set a text it has to be of type string.
And why is that a problem.
I will show you in a second.
So let's say you take the value from the height or the weight.
And if you take those values you get a decimal number or and sometimes you get an integer.
But in some cases you get a decent number or a floating point number.
Then if you let's say have this number.
I'm just going to use something like this here.
And you said that D as the value.
So let's say you said D.
Then you get an error.
That is because the argument has unexpected type float.
So this is a float this D but it's expecting a string.
So what you need to do here is to actually cast it into a string.
So if I run that suddenly it's going to work so I can see the BMI is set.
OK so that's number one that I wanted to tell you.
So this is just a little hint for my calculator if you feel like you don't need any hints you can of
course try the exercise already.
Then another one that I would like to show you is how you can hide an element.
So in case you want to hide an element and there are actual cases where it really makes sense so let
me run the code real quick and actually let me run the code once again with a text because otherwise
I get this error.
So this one two three here or in general this whole resoled UI element should be hidden.
How do I hide elements.
Well you can hide elements that say I will hide my button.
So it's called calculate and I'm just going to say hide.
So let me run it and you will see that the Calculate button is hidden.
Now if you want to show it again you can call this show method and it will show the button again.
So that's how you can hide something.
And of course you don't want to hide the button but you want to hide the actual text.
For example the result text and another info is that if we go back to our example from before this the
1 to 3 which we had to cast to a string.
And that's because said text is expecting a string and it doesn't expect a floating point value or a
float in general so it's a typed part of permuted that you have here and you need a argument which is
exactly the same type.
Now the value that we get here has plenty of decimal points and I don't like that.
So what really would make sense is to show the BMI maybe up to 2 points or two floating points or decimal
points.
So how do we do that.
Well we can simply round the value so we could say round D and that well round D.
But if you want to Rongji to two decimal points we can just enter two here.
So let me run it again and you can see now it's just displaying 1 2 3 2 3 instead of 1 2 3 2 3 4 0 and
so forth.
OK that's another little hint.
In order to make your program look good.
And the last one is the formula for the BMI.
We had that already but I'm just going to give you the BMI formula again which is body
weight in kilograms divided by size or height.
It's pretty much height and meters square.
OK so that's the formula.
And you may not divide by zero.
So that's my last hint.
So you could get a value that is zero.
So if somebody decides to enter zero here as it's weight or he didn't enter anything in there where
actually it's the height that should be the problem so if you divide by zero in the height and you press
calculate then you will get it correct.
So you need to find a way to fix that.
OK.
Good.
So now you know everything that you need to know in order to build this application now.
Good luck with it and enjoy the ride.
So see you in the next video where I hope you will have finished this application.